## Tableau Dashboards
### Dynamic Pricing Based on Collisions and Rides 
This set of dashboards allows users of NYC Taxi Corporaton to identify peak rider demand times in collison hot spots to implement a dynamic pricing strategy. The dashboards aim to aid in maximizing revenue and incentivze riders to travel during low-risk hours. The first visualization is the average ride count by day of week and time of day. The user can identify the most popular and least popular demand times for NYC Taxi Corporation. The next visualization is the count of collisions by borough. The user can see an overview of which boroughs have the highest proportion of collisions. Next, the user can see summary statistics for each Borough such as average fare amount and average trip distance. This allows users to see if any Borough is not reaching the benchmark for any area. The next visualizaition is a map of collisions in NYC based on Zip Code. This map can be filtered by Borough and Day of Week. 

In the second dashboard of this set, the user can see the ride count during each hour of the day, filtered by Borough and Day of Week. This visualization can then be compared to the collisions by hour bar chart which identifys which hours of the day have the highest collision count. Both of these charts can be filtered by Borough and Day of Week to have a deeper level of granualarity in their analysis. Finally, based on the analysis of all of the previous visualizations, the user can implement dynamic pricing by following the last visualization. This shows, for each borough, at which hour how much pricing should increase.

**Example Use Case:**
NYC Taxi Corporation has the highest demand on Thursday evenings and the lowest demand on Monday mornings based on the Average Ride Count by Day of Week chart. The user can then see the proportion of collisions by each borough. In this situation, Brooklyn has the most collisions whereas Staten Island has the lowest number of collisions. Since Brooklyn may be cause for concern with the high amount of collisions, the user can check the summary statistics for each borough. Brooklyn seems to be average for each category which is a good sign. Even though it has average numbers, we still need to dive deeper into Brooklyn's activity to implement our dynamic pricing system. Using the collisions in NYC map, the user can see that many collision hotspots take place in Brooklyn zip codes. 

The user can dive deeper into taxi activity in Brooklyn in the second dashboard of the set. Using the ride count by hour and time of day chart, the user can see that during the hours of 12AM, 5PM and 11PM are the peak demand times for riders in Brooklyn. Using the collisions by hour chart below, the user can see that during the hours of 8AM and 5PM are peak collision times in Brooklyn. NYC Taxi Corporation can use the Dynamic Pricing Implementation graph to identify how much their prices should increase in each borough at each time, based on where collision peaks and demand peaks align. In this situation, at 8AM the price should increase by 2.02% and at 5PM increase by 2.28%. 
